this incident happened in the rough
traffic offense
driver as it became known he is happy
seventieth year of birth who
ignoring not only stop sign but
also sound which is now
are heard as well as
visible stop signal at perfect
talking visibility traffic light broke
the coarsest all and let us say no
stopping
Card will not react to the beat
the brakes popped up on the crossing was shot down and
diesel train at that driver
diesel train killed article
traffic accident
three people died 30 people
suffered there hour Russia take away from us
responded to this situation left
about this unit
fire and rescue units on
At the moment, the Ministry of Emergency Situations Russia is already 1
his bark for the hospital of st. petersburg
specific center to the center is revolutionary
center of the Ministry of Emergency Situations of Russia at the moment
in operational readiness is only
one mi-8 helicopter which is ready it
user affected city
let our hospital
general traffic accident
involving flight mass
they all entered in serious condition
first affected 1416 gone no
let the spots told
delivered by ambulance crews
but it has also been affected to sumo
tire drew the most cooperative
Patients
as I said all those were all needed
whether atrocities previous work on this
moment work continues
we have several times today
hospitals
regional specialists not specifically
arrived arrived
chat with you
thanks to my participation help
rides and everyone is busy
diagnostic light nick
everything
mode
.
but let the moment
one of the injured is already due
brigade evacuated from ablation via usb
all affected better part of the combined
injuries and
shake our heads eat
narrowly skeletal tramp and make a ledge
injured 11 sosta
everything